<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>The Last Laugh</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-last-laugh" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Last Laugh</h2>
			<p>Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 2.<br/>
			Brother Charley. Well Charley I supose you been haveing rotten weather down east just the same like we been haveing out here and here it is only <abbr>Jan.</abbr> and me all ready sick &amp; tired of winter and wisht spring was here all ready but of corse they aint no chanct of real good weather for 4 mos. &amp; a mans waisting time when you wish for some thing they cant have any good to wish I would be. If it done chief of police all ready and geting the big money.</p>
			<p>Well Charley when you move out in a subburb they aint no chanct for a man to spend a quite evning at home onct in a wile because theys some thing doing evry minut out here ether <abbr>Co.</abbr> comes to our house to set a round &amp; play cards &amp; lap up our beer or else we go some wheres else to some bodys house &amp; play cards but you couldent drowned your self in the beer they give us when wear at there house but when there at our house its diffrunt. But Grace is haveing the time of her life &amp; says she dident never know what a good time was when she lived in the city &amp; says she use to think she wouldent care nothing a bout society but its grate stuff when you get in to it so is long is she feels that way I wont try &amp; spoil her fun tho it keeps me broke buying clean collars &amp; geting my best close prest.</p>
			<p>Theys a little irish girl that lives down the st. a bout 17 <abbr>yrs.</abbr> old &amp; Grace highers her to come &amp; set in the house wile wear out nights &amp; shes got a fellow stuck on her &amp; he comes &amp; sets with her &amp; Grace pays the girl $.50 a night &amp; I guess thats pretty soft for the girl eh Charley because she gets $.50 for spending a evning in a house thats a hole lot better then her own house &amp; pretty soft for her bow to because it dont cost him nothing for a place to spark his girl a way from her old man &amp; old lady &amp; when I was corting Grace it use to cost me real money to take her out some wheres so her old man couldent keep popping in on us evry time I got ready to hold her hand. By rights the girls bow should ought to pay the $.50 insted of Grace because if hes any kind of a sport it would cost him more then $.50 to take her to Hofmanns garden or some wheres else a way from her perants. But Grace says we cant leave the babys in the house a lone because they might start crying but there both to sleepy to cry in the evning &amp; besides supose they did start crying the little irish girl &amp; her bows probably to busy smacking each other to hear them &amp; even if they herd them what would they do a bout it because I never found nothing yet that would make them kids stop crying when they wanted to cry unlest it was a shot gun or some thing. Well Grace says she thot it would be nice to show the little irish girl &amp; her bow where we kept our beer so they could help them self if they got dry but I says nothing doing &amp; if they want to drink our beer the girls bow can pay $.15 a pt. for it like hed half to pay in a garden only when he was helping him self to our beer he wouldent half to tip no rotten waiters. I guess Grace thinks wear runing the county hospitle or some thing.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I hope you &amp; the <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> is getting a long OK &amp; standing the bad weather OK &amp; I guess they must get more for postige stamps in <abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism z3998:place">N.Y.</abbr> city then they do here &amp; is that the reason you dont write onct in a wile.</p>
			<p>Kindest to Mary.</p>
			<p>Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross.</p>
			<p>Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr> <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 11.<br/>
			Dear Charley. Well Charley we was to a party the night before last &amp; wear going to an other party next <abbr>wk.</abbr> &amp; it takes most of my time geting my shoes shined &amp; they talk about Chicago being a live place well Charley its like a grave yd. come pared with this place &amp; some thing doing evry minut when your a good dresser &amp; the peopl likes you.</p>
			<p>The party last night was over to Curtis house the wood and coal man &amp; no wonder his wife ast us to the party because there geting a bout $20.00 dollars per mo. out of us for 2 &amp; ½ ton of coal &amp; it wouldent hurt them none to .give us a party onct a mo. &amp; have champane wine but they dident give us no wine only beer &amp; not hardley enough of that to wet your tungue &amp; of corse Id rather have a glass of beer then all the wine in the world but when Im dry 1 or 2 bottles dont even clear my throte &amp; they might is well give me a spoon full of butter milk &amp; expect me to have a good time &amp; if I was in the wood &amp; coal busness I bet I would give my frends enough to eat and drink when they come to see me espeshaly when the peopl that comes to see you if the peopl that you might say buys your groserys for you. &amp; all they give us to eat was ice cream &amp; cake &amp; coffee &amp; Grace hadent gave me much supper on <abbr>acct.</abbr> she thot we would get a reglar meal to the party. I bet the next time I go to a party a round here I will stick a couple crackers in my pocket &amp; a little cheese to go with the beer but I guess if I want enough beer I will half to take a long some of my own to.</p>
			<p>Well they told us it was going to be a card party so I and Grace thot of corse they would play cinch or rummy or may be whist but when we got over there they sprung this here game they call auction bridge whist. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Curtis says if I played whist I wouldent have no trubble lerning this here game but in this game you bid back &amp; 4th. like pitch only you half to say what you are biding on &amp; they got a lot of funny sines that means some thing &amp; a mans got to go threw collige to lern all them sines so I just set there &amp; played when it was my turn &amp; onct I had a hole fist full of spades &amp; bid 3 spades but my pardner took it a way from me with 1 heart &amp; that counts more then 3 spades &amp; I left her have it &amp; they wasent a heart in my hand &amp; when I layed it down she balled me out like it was some crime Id pulled off &amp; we got set &amp; she balled me out some more &amp; of corse I couldent say nothing back because she was a woman &amp; I dident even know her name &amp; all I says to her was If you had left me have it with 3 spades they wouldent have been nothing to it &amp; she says you couldent of even made 3 spades because you couldent make nothing only a mess of things so I says yes &amp; you couldent make nothing only a monkey out of your self so the peopl we was playing with give her the laugh &amp; she seen she was geting the worst of it so she shut up her mouth.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I &amp; Grace dident win no prize but the woman that give me the balling out dident win nothing nether so she wasent as smart is she thot she was but any way the gents prize was a box to put your collars in &amp; if I had of win I would of throwed it a way as soon is we got out side the house because I aint got so many collars that they aint room for all of them in the drawer &amp; of corse I dont never have them in the house all at onct nether because theys 3 or 4 of them gos to the landery evry <abbr class="eoc">wk.</abbr> The wornans prize was a pare of silk stockings &amp; even if Grace had of win them she would half to take them down town &amp; change them off because they was plane black &amp; she aint in morning for no body. So the peopl that win the prizes was well come to them eh Charley.</p>
			<p>Well the Carrys is giveing a party next <abbr>wk.</abbr> &amp; we come home with them from the Curtis party &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carry ast me how did I in joy my self &amp; I says OK only I could of got a way with a couple more bottles of beer with out standing on the pianno &amp; singing a song &amp; wouldent have no trubble keeping a wake if they played rummy or cinch or some game with a little life to it so I guess after what I said the Carrys will know enough to play some kind of cards at there party where you don’t have to wave no diffrunt colered flags to tell your pardner what to bid &amp; give us enough to drink &amp; not serve there beer in no medisine dropper like they was afrade to give us a over dose &amp; poisen &amp; man.</p>
			<p>Well Charley the rotten weather keeps up &amp; I supose the merchunts is glad the cold weather keeps up because they all ways say they dont do no busness when it aint cold a round after xmas time so some bodys satusfide with the weather I mean the merchunts &amp; I guess may be they get there coal at ½ price or may be there wifes is warm blood it &amp; not kicking all the wile a bout how cold the house is.</p>
			<p><abbr>Rgds.</abbr> to Mary.</p>
			<p>Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross.</p>
			<p>Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr> <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 16.<br/>
			Brother Charley. Well Charley we dident have no more fun to Carrys party last night then over to Curtis the night they give there party &amp; we played this here auction bridge at Carrys to &amp; I set there &amp; pretty near went to sleep &amp; Carry dident give us no beer but instead of beer they give us some thing they called punch &amp; they was suposed to be a punch in it but I could of swum in it with out no danger of geting a red nose &amp; the stuff they give us to eat would of been a bout enough for 1 man all to gether but when it was splitted up for 16 peopl a canery would of starved to death trying to make a meal off of it &amp; the Carrys runs a grosery store at that so they should ought to be able to get stuff to eat without paying no hold up price for it but may be they thot if they give us some thing to eat we wouldent buy no groserys off of them for a day or 2.</p>
			<p>Grace come in a little wile a go looking mad so I says whats the matter &amp; she says nothing &amp; I says you cant fool me so she told me about passing by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carpenter &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton &amp; she spoke to them &amp; they dident nether 1 of them speak to her. I guess I all ready told you who they was Charley. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton lives right next door to us &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carpenter next to Hamiltons &amp; there the peopl Grace called on last summer right after we moved out here &amp; they dident never call on her back &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton was 1 of the guys that wouldent leave us come in &amp; dance that time we got the invatation by miss take &amp; went down to the dance. So I says to Grace what did you speak to them for &amp; she says she wanted to show she dident bare them no gruge because they was probly sore on them self for not calling on her &amp; I says well you will know better next time &amp; I pertend it like it was a joke but I would like to get a good chanct to get back at them peopl Charley &amp; I guess you know Im the 1 that can do it when I get the chanct.</p>
			<p>Kindest to Mary.</p>
			<p>Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross.</p>
			<p>Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr> <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 25.<br/>
			Dear Charley. Well Charley I and Grace is going to get back at them swell head Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters and when we get threw with them there chest wont be sticking out so far and it was Graces idear only she dident know how good it was when she sprung it and I guess when we put this over them Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters will wisht they act it a little more frendily and hadent been so swelled on them self.</p>
			<p>I will tell you how it come up and what wear going to pull off Charley &amp; I bet youll laugh when you see what wear going to pull off on them. I layed off yest. and stayed home all day and wile we was eating our dinner Grace says some thing a bout giveing a party &amp; I says we aint got no money to throw a way on no partys &amp; she says well if I cant give a party I cant go to no more partys because I will be a shamed of my self going and I says Well I guess peopls been to our house as much is we been to there house &amp; Grace says yes but they just come here uniformly &amp; not no reglar invatation a fare and we havent gave no reglar card party with prizes and refreshmunts &amp; I says I guess the peopl that have came here evnings have got more refreshments then we got to there house when they was giveing partys but she says Well I wont argue with you and if you wont give me no money to have a party we will just half to quit going to other peopls houses and she act it like she was going to blubber so I says Well supose you give a party who would you ast to it and she says why the Carrys and the Curtisis thats had us to there house and then a few other couple that we met at them 2 partys so I says havent you forgot the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters &amp; she says forgot them of corse I aint forgot them but do you think I would ast them to a party at my house after the way they been acting so then I seen the pt. &amp; I says theys some sense to the way your talking now and we will have a party and not ast nether the Hamiltons or Carpenters &amp; they will feel like a dirty doose. Well Grace couldent see it but I guess you can see it Charley and how would you &amp; Mary feel if the peopl liveing next door to you give a swell party &amp; you wasent ast. You would feel like a rummy wouldent you Charley. So I says to Grace Well I dont care what you think but I will come threw with the money for your party if youll promus to not ast nether the Hamiltons or the Carpenters &amp; Grace says you can bet your life I wont so that part of it was fixed up. So then Grace says we will give a cinch party &amp; give them a dutch lunch &amp; we will ast the Carrys and the Curtis and the Bishops &amp; Farrells &amp; Grimes &amp; counting our self that will make a even doz. &amp; 3 tables of cards &amp; I says thats all right a bout who you ast but leave me tend to the refreshmunts a speshaly the drinks &amp; Grace says Thats all right with me because I dont care nothing a bout the drinks.</p>
			<p>So we talked it all over &amp; planed it all out &amp; its going to be some party Charley &amp; when the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters hears a bout it they will want to go hide in a hole some wheres. Grace was going to go at it cheap but they wouldent be no good giveing no cheap party because if we dident give a good 1 them swell heads wouldent care whether they was ast or not. So when Grace seen I was willing to spend the money she says we should ought to have some invatations printed up &amp; I says I would tend to that &amp; we wrote out the invatations the way we wanted it fixed up and I left the order down town to day to have a doz. of them printed up &amp; of corse we wont use the hole doz. because they wont only be 10 peopl ast besides our self &amp; we dont want no invatation to our own party but we couldent get 10 print it no cheaper then 12 so we will keep the extra 2 for a suveneer or may be we will male them to you &amp; Mary because of corse you cant come but may be you will like to take a look at the invatations but in case a couple of thems spoiled so as we cant send you none heres what there going to say on them.</p>
			<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross <abbr>asst.</abbr> Chief of Detectives Chicago Police dept. &amp; lady will be please to entertain you <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 7 from 8 <abbr>p.m.</abbr> on. 3 tables proggresive cinch followed by eefreshmunts. Gents prize 1 <abbr>qt.</abbr> whisky. Ladys prize hansome pare of corsets. Dress sutes.</p>
			<p>You see Charley them prizes is worth playing for but bet. I &amp; you it aint costing us nothing to give them because the whisky is part of what Gus Goetz sent out to the house for xmas and this is the 1st. time he ever give me a case but other <abbr>yrs.</abbr> he only give me a qt. but it dont hurt him none to loosun up onct in a while because Im in his place evry day 3 or 4 times &amp; they dont never half to pick my pockets to get my money. And the corsets is what Mary sent to Grace a <abbr>yrs.</abbr> a go last xmas &amp; Grace tride them on just onct &amp; they wasent comftible but youd sware they was just out of the store. Grace made me stick in the part a bout dress sutes &amp; I stuck it in because the peopl that comes to the party will half to past right by the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters house &amp; supose they hapen to be going out that night &amp; run in to the peopl comeing to our party they would see where the guests had on there dress sutes &amp; that shows it aint no rummy party or no bunch of bums comeing &amp; of corse I dont half to ware no dress sute my self because I wont half to go out because the partys right in my house.</p>
			<p>Well Charley wear going to have frank forters &amp; liver worst &amp; slaw &amp; potato sellid &amp; ice cream &amp; cake &amp; coffee &amp; of corse beer &amp; you can bet I will give them enough so they wont go home dry &amp; I will mix them up some high balls to &amp; besides that the 1 that wins the prize will may be open it up before they go home &amp; if he does I will fernish the excelsior water to make high balls out of that to. We will show them the time of there life Charley &amp; I got it fixed up all ready with the man that runs the weakly paper out here to stick some thing in a bout the party so they wont be no chanct of the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters not finding out a bout it after words &amp; I bet when they find out they will come over here on there hands and niece &amp; make up for the way they treat it I &amp; Grace.</p>
			<p>I pretty near forgot to tell you a bout the peopl we got liveing next door to us not the Hamiltons but the peopl on the other side &amp; they aint been liveing there long but moved in a little wile ago and there name is Martin. Well the night this hapened I guess they was giveing a new <abbr>yrs.</abbr> eve party or some thing &amp; they was makeing more noise then a brass band &amp; hollering like a bunch of indians till 2 a clock in the <abbr>a.m.</abbr> &amp; Grace had a headache &amp; couldent sleep but she wasent going to say nothing but pretty soon little Ed was woken up by them hollering next door and he was balling &amp; they couldent none of us sleep so pretty soon I couldent stand it no longer &amp; I slipt my over cote &amp; sox &amp; shoes on over my night gown &amp; went over &amp; rapped at the door &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Martin come to the door and I says you better lay off on some of the rackit &amp; he says what will you do if we dont &amp; then I flashed my star on him &amp; I says cut the noise out or youll get the worst of it &amp; then I come a way &amp; I guess what I said done the business because a bout a ½ <abbr>hr.</abbr> after words there guests went home &amp; they wasent no more noise &amp; next <abbr>a.m.</abbr> I and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Martin went down on the same train to gather &amp; I went up to him &amp; says I was sorry to spoil his fun &amp; he says Thats all right you dident spoil our fun you just add it to it. So you see he is a good fellow &amp; we would ast him to the party only him and his wife would make 14 &amp; I &amp; Grace would half to set out of the game and not play if they was any more peopl ast &amp; the peopl we ast we couldent leave none of them out &amp; we cant ast 16 peopl &amp; have 4 tables because we aint only got 3 tables in the house. I will write &amp; let you know a bout our party &amp; I bet you wisht you &amp; Mary could be here for it.</p>
			<p>Kindest to Mary.</p>
			<p>Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross.</p>
			<p>Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr> <abbr>Feb.</abbr> 1.<br/>
			Brother Charley. Well Charley Im so sore I cant hardly write but I want to tell you what kind of bums we got liveing next door to us I mean the Hamiltons and the Carpenters that lives on the other side of the Hamiltons and before they get threw with me they will wisht they hadent of monkied with Fred Gross &amp; I guess I dont half to tell you that they cant no body try there funny busness on me and get a way with it.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I dident know they was peopl in the world like them bums &amp; if Id of knew what kind of peopl we was buying a place next to them I would of lived in a tree before I would of came here to live but you know the old saying he that laughs the last gets the best of it. Im laying low &amp; waiting for my chanct and when it comes I wont be taking no nap.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I guess I better tell you what come off &amp; the papers was all full of it this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> &amp; I called up the chief &amp; says I wouldent be down to day and he says all right &amp; I aint sick or nothing but I know theys some bums down to head quarters that would shoot there mouth off a bout what was in the papers &amp; I would probly get sore and shoot some body full of holes.</p>
			<p>Well Charley last night was the night we give our party &amp; of corse we knowed when we got the party up that the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters would get sore on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of not geting ast to the party but we dident in tend to leave them know nothing a bout the party a head of time but leave them read a bout it in the Allison paper when it comes out next <abbr class="eoc">Sat.</abbr> But they found out a bout it some way &amp; of corse they was sore but insted of takeing it like a man they act it like a baby or worse then that because they couldent no baby be mean enough to do what they done.</p>
			<p>Well Charley the peopl all come that we ast &amp; we set down &amp; played cards a wile &amp; evry body was haveing a pretty good time but I finely got dry &amp; dident see no use of waiting till the card games was over before I give the boys some thing to moisun there throtes so I went out &amp; mixed up a few high balls &amp; I made them pretty stiff &amp; the gents was tickled to death to get a hold of some thing to drink before it was time for the refreshmunts &amp; Curtis says it taste it like more so I mixed them up some more &amp; 1st. thing you know Curtis was throwing the cards all over the floor &amp; he hadent only had 2 so Carry called me over to 1 side &amp; says it wasent right to not finnish Curtis up when he had such a good start so of corse then the game busted up and Grace dident have the refreshmunts ready yet but my part of the refreshmunts was ready so I wasent going to leave the <abbr>Co.</abbr> with out nothing to do so I brot in the stuff &amp; left the gents mix up there own &amp; after while about 4 of them cleared the tables out of the way &amp; begin danceing &amp; of corse we dident have no music so Curtis pertend it like he was the orchuster &amp; begin hollering &amp; singing for the others to dance to &amp; we was geting a long all OK but pretty noisey but no harm done till Curtis says our house wasent big enough to dance in it &amp; 1st. thing you know him &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry went out on the walk &amp; begin danceing there &amp; him singing all the wile &amp; hollering like a wild man &amp; pretty soon the rest of them was all out doors &amp; of corse I &amp; Grace couldent stick in the house when they was all out side &amp; we had to dance to keep warm because it couldent of been more then 10 or 11 above O &amp; Grace kept after me all the wile to try &amp; get Curtis to shut up his mouth but she might is well of told me to stop the europe war &amp; he kept it up till finely he sliped &amp; fell down on the ice &amp; when I &amp; Carry tride to pick him up we sliped to &amp; fell down &amp; I thot we wasent never going to get up it was so slipry &amp; then Grace says we had woke the babys up &amp; Curtis herd her &amp; they wasent nothing to it but he must go up stares &amp; put them back to sleep &amp; he hit more of the stares with his jaw then he did with his <abbr>ft.</abbr> &amp; him trying to get the babys back to sleep was a bout like as if I tride to do it by blowing the fire whistle in there ear &amp; I &amp; Grace had to go up &amp; get him out of there room &amp; wile we was up stares the door bell rung &amp; I come down &amp; every body was in the house again by this time so I opened up the door &amp; there was a bum there that says he was the night watchman &amp; says who owns this house &amp; I says I own it come in &amp; have a drink &amp; he says nothing doing &amp; the best thing you can do is get your hat &amp; cote on &amp; come a long with me. I says what for &amp; he says disturbing the piece &amp; I says who says so &amp; he says thats none of your busness so I says you bet its my busness &amp; you got to show me your warent &amp; who sined it before I will go a long with you &amp; that had him stoped &amp; evry thing would of been OK only just then Curtis come down the stares &amp; buted in bet. I and the oficer &amp; told the oficer to beat it &amp; the oficer told him to shut his mouth &amp; then what does Curtis do but take a crack at the guy &amp; the guy started to pull his club &amp; then I horned in &amp; took it a way from him &amp; he says Well I dont need no warrent now but your arrested for resisting a oficer &amp; I says whose going to arrest me &amp; he says you will find out so then he went a way &amp; I thot we was threw with him &amp; we shut the door &amp; Curtis was ready for a nap by this time so we layed him on the sofa &amp; Grace brot in the stuff to eat &amp; we was laughing and jokeing a bout the smart aleck constable when the door bell rung again &amp; there was the same guy &amp; 2 others with him &amp; I hadent no sooner opened up the door then he pulled his gat on me.</p>
			<p>Well Charley to make it short I had to go a long with them &amp; they wouldent even leave me call up down town to head quarters &amp; get Jack &amp; some of the boys to come out and show them whose who &amp; they wanted Curtis to but when they seen him layed out on the sofa they past him up &amp; I was the goat &amp; I couldent let on how sore I was because Grace &amp; the rest of the women was haveing histeriks &amp; evry thing else go I says good night to Grace &amp; smiled at her &amp; the rest of the women &amp; told them not to worry &amp; then I went a way with the 3 guys &amp; they locked me up.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I dident get no sleep because I was trying to figger out who put up the job but it come to me all of a sudden this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> that it was Hamilton &amp; Carpenter &amp; when I ast the oficer was it them he wouldent say nothing so you see it was them &amp; I will make them swett for it.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I was tooken up before the justice the 1st thing this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> &amp; the justice was a good fellow &amp; they wasent no body there to complane agin me only the oficer &amp; when he found out who I realy was he wouldent say nothing &amp; says he was sorry he pulled me in but it wasent his falt. So they left me go &amp; I come home &amp; Grace is pretty near sick because it was in the papers how we was giving a party &amp; doing the foxey trot out in the middle of the st.</p>
			<p>They wasent nothing in the papers a bout Curtis tho if it hadent of been for him they wouldent of never been no troubble &amp; the next time I give a party I wont ast no sucker like him that wants to immitate the banda Roma the minut he gets 2 drinks under his belt only I wont give no more partys for no body &amp; the next time any body says the word party to me I will bust a platter over there bean.</p>
			<p>Of corse they aint no danger of the chief laying me off or doingnothing because I explained the hole thing to him over the phone this <abbr class="eoc">a.m.</abbr> But you can bet Hamilton &amp; Carpenter would of got my job if they could &amp; it aint there falt they dident.</p>
			<p>Well Ive wrote you a long letter Charley but I guess I had some news for you even if it was bad news but the next bad news will be a bout them stiffs that pulled it off.</p>
			<p>Kindest to Mary.</p>
			<p>Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross.</p>
			<p>Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr> <abbr>Feb.</abbr> 4.<br/>
			Brother Charley. Well Charley you know the old saying a bout the 1 that laughs the last gets the best of it &amp; the day after tomorrow I will be the 1 thats laughing &amp; Hamilton &amp; Carpenter will wisht they was in a hole some wheres hideing &amp; they will find out they aint no body cant put nothing over on Fred Gross &amp; get any thing but the worst of it. I got evry thing fixed up &amp; I aint said nothing to Grace or no body else a bout it accept Bob Barnes &amp; I guess you know who he is Charley or if you dont you should ought to. Hes the sherrif of Cook <abbr>Co.</abbr> Charley &amp; they aint nothing I could ast him to do for me that he wouldent do on acct of what I done for him wile he was runing for sherrif.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I will half to tell you whats comeing off &amp; how I got the tip to pull off what Im going to pull off on them. The little irish girl that stays with the babys evnings some times was here <abbr>Sun.</abbr> &amp; her &amp; Grace was talking &amp; the girl knows the girl that works for the Hamiltons next door to us &amp; the Hamiltons higher girl told this little girl a bout <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton bellonging to a auction bridge whist club that meets evry <abbr>Thurs.</abbr> <abbr>p.m.</abbr> &amp; insted of playing for a regular prize like a pare of silk stockings or some thing they all stick in a $1.00 a peace &amp; theys a bout 12 of them in the club &amp; the 1 that wins the prize takes the $12.00 dollars in cash money &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carpenters 1 of the club. Well Charley there going to meet the day after tomorrow to Hamiltons house &amp; may be you guest all ready whats comeing off.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I got the idear <abbr>Sun.</abbr> night after I was in bed &amp; when I come down town yest. <abbr>a.m.</abbr> I went up in the county bldg &amp; seen Bob &amp; ast him would he do me a faver &amp; he says any thing but lone me some money but he was jokeing Charley &amp; he would lone me money to if I ast him but I says No I dident want to borry no money &amp; then I told him what I wanted. Well Charley I guess you know whats coming off. When them swell society dames is haveing there little auction bridge whist game 1 of the deputy sherrifs is going to walk in on them &amp; make a pinch see Charley. Of corse Bob couldent come out &amp; make the pinch him self because it would put him in bad but hes going to give the job to a deputy name Parker thats no good &amp; Bobs trying to get rid of him any way &amp; if theys any trubble comes up Parker will be the bird elect it to face the music.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I guess thats a poor idear &amp; I guess that will make some story for the Chi papers &amp; they wont be no chanct of them not hearing a bout it eh Charley. I will see to that.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I told you I would get back at these birds &amp; make them wisht they had of layed off of me &amp; before Im threw with them they will be cralling on there hands &amp; niece but I guess you under stand Charley that I aint trying to do no more then just scare them &amp; of corse the women wont be pulled in or nothing like that but just a pinch &amp; a little story in the papers. Thats a plenty eh Charley. Dont say nothing to Mary a bout it Charley because she might spill some thing a bout it to Grace in a letter &amp; I aint sure yet that Im going to tell Grace.</p>
			<p>Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross.</p>
			<p>Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr> <abbr>Feb.</abbr> 7.<br/>
			Brother Charley. Well Charley the deeds done &amp; its all over &amp; they was a story in the papers this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> that would knock you dead &amp; Im going to buy up some extra coppys of the papers &amp; send you some of them &amp; you will see if I fixed them swell heads or not only it came near being a bad mix up on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of this bone head deputy Parker that Bob sent out to make the pinch. He pored a few glassis of currage down his throte before he went on the job &amp; when he got ready to work he was all lit up like a church &amp; went up &amp; pound it on Hamiltons front door &amp; when the higher girl opened up the door he pulled his gun and she shreeked &amp; pretty near fainted &amp; then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton come runing to the door &amp; she must be a pretty game bird Charley because she looked the gat right in the face &amp; ast Parker what he wanted &amp; he showed her his star &amp; says the place was pinched &amp; she says what for &amp; he told her for being a gambleing house &amp; she ast him was it a joke or some thing &amp; he says no &amp; she ast to see his warent &amp; he says he dident need no warent because he come under orders from the sherrif &amp; then she told him to come &amp; set down &amp; he come in jugling the gun a round in his hand &amp; 3 or 4 more of the women pretty near fell dead &amp; it would of been just like him to take a shot at them but <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton finely got the other women cammed down &amp; told Parker to have a seat &amp; then she called her husband up in town &amp; he called the sherrifs ofice &amp; got a hold of Bob on the wire &amp; of corse Bob told him it must be some miss take so Hamilton got Bob to call up &amp; talk to Parker &amp; Bob told Parker to leave the women a lone &amp; come back to head quarters &amp; Parker dident know what to think but he beat it out of Hamiltons house &amp; back to town &amp; thats all they was to it. But of corse some body called up the diffrunt papers &amp; give them the story a bout a deputy sherrif radeing a swell gambleing joint in Allison &amp; I bet the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters would of gave there right eye to not have that stuff in the papers.</p>
			<p>Well Charley dont say nothing to Mary because I aint going to tell Grace &amp; I havent told no body only you &amp; Bob Barnes of corse &amp; no body else accept this here Martin that moved in next door to us on the left &amp; may be I told you a bout him makeing so much noise new <abbr>yrs.</abbr> eve that I had to go over &amp; tell them to shut up but he was all right a bout it &amp; dident get sore but I &amp; him was seting next to each other going in to town on the train this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> &amp; he seen me reading the peace in the papers a bout the pinch at Hamiltons &amp; I guess he seen me laughing &amp; he ast me what the laugh was a bout &amp; so I ast him if he could keep a secrit &amp; he says sure so I told him all a bout it &amp; when I got threw teling him he layed back in his seat &amp; pretty near busted laughing &amp; I says to him You know the old saying a bout the 1 that laughs the last gets the best of it &amp; he says Thats me &amp; he was laughing so loud that he drownded out the train.</p>
			<p>Well Charley I bet it wont be long before I will be writeing to tell you a bout them swell heads comeing over to call on Grace &amp; they will know better after this then to put on heirs in front of peopl thats just as good is them and a hole lot better.</p>
			<p>Kindest to Mary.</p>
			<p>Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross.</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
