<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Welcome to Our City</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="welcome-to-our-city" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Welcome to Our City</h2>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, July 8.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley evry things going a long smoth &amp; last <abbr>wk.</abbr> I payed the 1st <abbr>int.</abbr> on my lone down to the bank and now I dont half to worry a bout that again untill <abbr>Jan.</abbr> Graces old man come acrost with the money so as I could pay the <abbr>int.</abbr> &amp; dident make no holler a bout it but I bet he wishes I &amp; Grace had of stuck in our flat over on the <abbr epub:type="se:compass">s.</abbr> side insted of building because we was not never so hard up when we was liveing in the flat that we had to ask him to pay our rent.</p>
				<p>I dont like to be no drag on the old man but you can see how it is Charley or that is you could see if you had build a house. It looks like you dont run up agin the real expences until youve got it all build. I allways thot it was real old houses that half to be repared &amp; fixed up all the wile but Im finding out now that the new ones is twict as bad as the old ones.</p>
				<p>But dont think we aint satisfide Charley because wear perfectly satisfide so dont get the idear we aint satisfide &amp; you couldent higher Grace &amp; I to go back in town &amp; live in a flat because they aint nothing to that kind of liveing &amp; this has got it beat all hollo. The babys is a hole lot better than they was in the city. That is they would be if the house wasent damp &amp; if it wasent for the smell of the paint that I guess we aint never going to get rid of it. But they aint all cooped up like they was in Chi &amp; now they can get out &amp; run a round with out no danger of falling under a <abbr>st.</abbr> car &amp; geting there leg cut off. By a <abbr>st.</abbr> car.</p>
				<p>Of corse we miss the Walters &amp; the Arnolds &amp; others that we made frends of them in the city a speshally Grace but as I say if they cared any thing a bout us they could get out here &amp; see us because they know Grace cant get a way on <abbr>acct.</abbr> the babys &amp; besides this towns got plenty of fine peopl liveing in this town &amp; as soon is we get acquainted we can for get all a bout the peopl we knowed in Chi &amp; not never think a bout them.</p>
				<p>I guess the last time I wrote to you we wasent no wheres near setteled but wear pretty well setteled now &amp; things a round the house is beginning to look OK &amp; you can open most of the windows if you start them with a crow bar &amp; then give a quick jerk.</p>
				<p>Kindest to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, July 24.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Dear Charley</b>. I supose you been geting a hole lot of rain to because I see in the paper where its been raining all over the <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">u s</abbr> &amp; if it rains any more I will half to buy 1 of these here divvers sutes to go down in the basemunt with it &amp; fix the heater that we heat the hot water with. A bout the 2nd day it beggin to rain the water beggin runing in the basemunt &amp; now its pretty near as deep like it was in the brandywine crick where I &amp; you lerned to swim do you remember Charley. I called up the plummer &amp; he come up &amp; seen it &amp; says the drane pipes would carry it off &amp; I had to give him $.50 cents for telling me that &amp; it wasent true at that because they aint carryed none of it off as far is I can see &amp; if a plummer gets $.50 a peace for evry time he lise to you I wonder what does he charge when he tells a man the truth only I guess that dont never hapen. Well any way you could dive off the top step of the stares in to the basemunt &amp; not bump your head on the floor &amp; Grace says I should ought to dig some angel worms out in the yard &amp; set on the basemunt stares &amp; fish but I guess all the fish in the house is liveing up stares. I mean wear the fish for building a house. Suckers see Charley.</p>
				<p>An other good thing all the wood that was left over from building the house is down in the basemunt &amp; Grace has been useing it up pretty fast building fires in the fire place all tho its been so hot outdoors &amp; in the house to that you cant hardly stand it but she says the fire looks so pretty that she would like to keep it burning all the wile &amp; why not when we got all that wood. Well I says that wood will burn just as good in the winter time when you need a fire in the fire place &amp; it will look just as pretty burning when its cold &amp; the sooner you burn up all that extra wood the sooner we will half to buy some reglar wood to burn. I says if your going to throw a way money just to make things look pretty why dont you buy a car lode of dimonds &amp; scatter them a round the front yard. They would look swell as long as they last.</p>
				<p>Well she says the fire keeps me from geting lonesom. I says if your lonesom why dont you dress the babys up &amp; go out and see some body &amp; she says I aint got no close to ware thats good enough for this place so my little talk is going to cost me $20.00 dollars because shes going to buy some clothes &amp; have a couple dresses made up. But as I say we can save on fire wood as long as the basemunts full of water because you cant get to where the wood is at with out buying a sale boat or some thing &amp; even if you got the wood it wouldent burn on <abbr>acct.</abbr> it being soked.</p>
				<p>Regards to Mary &amp; we wisht you could get out &amp; see us.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature"><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Aug.</abbr> 13.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley it looks now like we was going to bust in to socitey &amp; Grace wont be lonesom no more. She got her close made &amp; all finnished up 2 days a go all ready &amp; I thot shed go calling right a way but she says no it wouldent be right to take the childern a long the 1st time she interduced her self to the peopl out here on <abbr>acct.</abbr> they might cut up &amp; rase the devvil &amp; may be brake some thing in some strangers house so she says it was up to me to stay home with the childern wile she went a round &amp; made a few calls &amp; Im going to stay home with the babys next <abbr>Sun.</abbr> after noon because thats the 1st day I can get off on <abbr>acct.</abbr> theys 2 other fellows in the <abbr>dept.</abbr> laying off now &amp; the rest of us is kept pretty busy. But of corse me not being able to go a long with her &amp; make the calls Ive got to get some cards printed so she can stick them on the piano or some wheres in the house where shes calling at so it looks like I wanted to come but couldent.</p>
				<p>Grace says she dident hardly know where to make the calls because we dont know where no body lives that is we dont know if the famly 2 doors a way from us is <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">pres.</abbr> of the gas <abbr>co.</abbr> or runs a hawk shop. But I told her the best way to do was start right in on this side of the <abbr>st.</abbr> we live on &amp; go from house to house &amp; if she seen after she got in that the peopl wasent no good she could say she made a miss take. The name of the peopl that lives next door is Hamilton because thats what the real estate man told us when we got the lot so you see we know his name &amp; when Grace gos up to the door &amp; says is <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton in they will be tickeld to deth on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of us knowing there name &amp; wile she is calling on <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton she can feel a round until she knows what is the name of the peopl that lives on the other side of them &amp; so on.</p>
				<p>She wont stay more than 1 hour or so in 1 place the 1st time &amp; she wont be able to cover more than the 1st 3 houses the 1st day, but probly she will find 1 or 2 of the ladies thats good sports &amp; will be willing to come over &amp; stay with the childern a day or 2 next <abbr>wk.</abbr> so as Grace can go &amp; call on the other peopl a long the <abbr>st.</abbr> with out waiting for the next <abbr>p.m.</abbr> I can lay off.</p>
				<p>The Hamiltons has got a swell big house build out of stones or concrete blocks &amp; they probly got a <abbr>bbl.</abbr> of money but you know the old saying Charley all men was crated free and wear just as good is them even if we got all my pay for the next 30 <abbr>yrs.</abbr> spent all ready.</p>
				<p>Best to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature"><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Aug.</abbr> 16.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley Grace wont be lonesom no more because now she called on 4 famlys a long the <abbr>st.</abbr> today insted of 3 like she intend it &amp; of corse the more you call on the more of them has got to call on you back. The reason she made it 4 insted of 3 was on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of her only staying to the Hamiltons ¼ of a <abbr>hr.</abbr> because they says they was going out some wheres &amp; would half to leave her.</p>
				<p>We had a early dinner &amp; she got over to the Hamiltons a bout 1 in the <abbr>p.m.</abbr> &amp; she was toged up in her new close &amp; looked like a million $.</p>
				<p>She told me all a bout it when she come home. A womman come to the door &amp; Grace says how do you do <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton I was afrade youd be out &amp; the womman says who did you want to see &amp; Grace says you or <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton or the both of them &amp; the womman says I will see are they in. So the womman says what name &amp; Grace says Grace Gross &amp; the womman says have you got a card a long with you &amp; Grace dident have none but the cards I had printed so she give her one of them. They set me back $.50 for 100 of them Charley but I thot I might as well make it a good 1 wile I was doing it &amp; besides if Grace dont loose none of them 100 should ought to last her untill shes called on the hole town. The cards says on them <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross <abbr>asst.</abbr> Chief of Detectives Chicago Police <abbr>dept.</abbr> &amp; then down on the bottom 20 years in the service in red tipe.</p>
				<p>The higher girl left Grace standing in the vestry bull &amp; pretty soon a man come out &amp; he was <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton &amp; he ast Grace to come in the parler &amp; set down so Grace went in &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton says what can I do for you &amp; Grace was kind of im barrist &amp; couldent say nothing &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton says aint you made a miss take or may be you think I can give you some informashun a bout some thing &amp; Grace seen that was a good chance to find out what was the name of the peopl that lived in the next house next to the Hamiltons so she ast him &amp; he says there name is Carpenter &amp; she says what busness was they in &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton says if you want to find out any thing more a bout them you will half to ask them your self. So Grace says it dident make no diffrunts weather she knowed any thing more a bout them or not &amp; then she says hows your wife &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton says what are you trying to get at. He says Im sure you must of made some miss take because nether I or <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton have did any thing against the law or the Carpenters nether &amp; Grace says what do you mean &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton says what do you mean yourself comeing a round trying to pry in to some bodys affares. We aint use to receiving calls from female detectives. &amp; then all of a sudden Grace caught on to what was he getting at.</p>
				<p>You see Charley <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton thot she was a detective on <abbr>acct.</abbr> the card shed give the higher girl &amp; he thot it was her card &amp; not my card &amp; when Grace seen what had come off she pretty near died laughing &amp; all the wile <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton just stood there &amp; looked at her &amp; finely when she could say some thing she says thats a grate joke &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton says may be it is but its over my head &amp; then Grace explaned it to him the hole thing &amp; told him we was his new neighbors &amp; she was just paying him a frendily call so pretty soon be beggin laughing to &amp; says he would call his wife because the joke was too good to keep. His wife come in &amp; Grace ast her if <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton had told her a bout his miss take &amp; she says no so Grace had to explane it all over again only <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton must of ett to much dinner. She dident laugh at all but just set there like she was in pane &amp; pretty soon she says she was sorry Grace couldent stay any longer but her &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton was going out &amp; would Grace excuse them &amp; Grace says sure &amp; got up to go but then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton come in &amp; told Grace to be sure and hand 1 of them cards to who ever come to the door over to Carpenters so Grace promussed she would &amp; then she says goodbye to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton &amp; told them to be sure &amp; come over &amp; see us &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton says he certunly would weather <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton did or dident &amp; he was just kidding a little but <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton must of got jellus a bout him &amp; Grace jolling each other because she slamed the front door when Grace come out. Or else as I say she ett to much dinner probly.</p>
				<p>So then Grace went to the Carpenters &amp; rung the door bell &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carpenter him self come to the door &amp; she give him 1 of the cards &amp; he says well whats the charge &amp; she seen he was makeing the same miss take <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamilton made so she went a long with it &amp; says she would like to talk to he &amp; his wife a few minuts &amp; he says you can talk to me but I cant bother my wife because she aint finnished her dinner &amp; then Grace told him to go a head and finnish his dinner to but he says he wouldent untill she told him what she wanted so she explained the joke &amp; told him what come off over to Hamiltons &amp; then he laughed &amp; says he would finnish his dinner &amp; bring his wife in so Grace set there in the parler a wile &amp; finely <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carpenter come in &amp; she set there talking to them pretty near a <abbr class="eoc">hr.</abbr></p>
				<p>&amp; they had a grate time talking &amp; laughing &amp; wile she was there some body come to the front door &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carpenter went to the door &amp; Grace says it sounded like <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Hamiltons voice out side the door &amp; he ast <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carpenter was he arested &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carpenter went out on the porch &amp; Grace couldent hear what was they saying but of corse they was come pareing nots a bout the joke because she herd them laughing out on the porch. Well finely <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carpenter come in again &amp; finely <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carpenter ast Grace dident she have some more calls to make so Grace says she did &amp; she left the Carpenters &amp; forgot to find out from them what was the name of the peopl that live in the 3rd house a way from us but it dident make no diffruns because the woman that come to the door at the next house told her the name &amp; the name is Carry &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carrys the man that keeps the grosery store or 1 of them &amp; Grace &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry had a nice long talk &amp; Grace told her a bout what come off at Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry says she would bet Grace that they wouldent nether the Hamiltons or the Carpenters call on us &amp; Grace says why not &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry says because they aint nether 1 of them called on me yet &amp; I have been here over 1 <abbr>yr.</abbr> &amp; Grace says well did you call on them &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry says of corse not so they must be some bad blood some wheres that we dont know nothing a bout.</p>
				<p>Well Grace went to Moreheads from Carrys &amp; seen the Moreheads &amp; then come home &amp; you can bet I was glad when she finely got home because little Ed &amp; the baby both of them gets pretty mad a bout 5 <abbr>p.m.</abbr> in the afternoon &amp; they was giveing me all I could do.</p>
				<p>&amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry says next time Grace wants to go out she can bring the babys over to her house &amp; the higher girl will watch them.</p>
				<p><abbr>Rgds.</abbr> to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature"><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Aug.</abbr> 31.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Dear Charley</b>. Well Charley they aint nothing much come off since the last time I wrote you a letter and they aint nothing much to write a bout &amp; I wouldent be writeing only I was figureing on takeing a bath tonight and I cant take no bath so Im writeing you a letter insted and why I cant take no bath is because the waters shut off all over town &amp; the water <abbr>co.</abbr> says may be it wont be turned on for 2 or 3 days.</p>
				<p>Of corse I can wash my hands down town to head quarters but Grace or the kids cant wash theres unlest they go over to the Carrys where they got a sistern &amp; that makes it pretty tough on Grace but little Ed &amp; the baby wont make no holler and they would be tickled to deth if they dident never half to be washed.</p>
				<p>Any way they all ways holler like they was being murdered when you touch them with soap and water. The Hamiltons has a sistern to &amp; I ast Grace why dident she use theres on <abbr>acct.</abbr> it being next door to us &amp; handy but Grace is kind of sore on <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Hamilton for not comeing over to see us. She will come over all right when she gets up her nerve &amp; I wouldent worry a bout it if I was Grace but you know how wommen feels &amp; probly Marys the same way.</p>
				<p>Grace has called on a bout 15 or 20 famlys now &amp; left the kids over to the Carrys wile she was makeing the calls &amp; her and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry is pretty good frends &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry comes over offen in the evning for a game of cards.</p>
				<p>Im thirsty and I guess its &amp; good thing we got a couple cases of beer in the house because they aint no water and I and Grace can drink the beer when wear thirsty &amp; the kids can drink milk so we wont starve to deth because of some thing to drink only we cant take no bath in beer or milk.</p>
				<p>The man from the water <abbr>co.</abbr> says this dont happen offen I mean the pump brakeing down &amp; he says I want to remember that Im saveing money on water bills all the wile they aint no water.</p>
				<p>Regards to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Sep.</abbr> 14.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley Im planing a big surprise for Grace and the reason Im doing it is because shes been feeling so bad over them peopl not comeing to see her. Im going to have the Hamiltons &amp; the Carpenters over here to dinner <abbr>Sun.</abbr> &amp; Grace knows theys going to be <abbr>Co.</abbr> but she thinks Ive ast the Walters to come out from town. I had to tell her some body was comeing so as she would be sure and have enough to eat so I told her the Walters was comeing &amp; she will be supprised &amp; tickeled to deth when she sees it aint the Walters but the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters.</p>
				<p>The idear come to me when I was down town <abbr>yest.</abbr> &amp; the way it come to me I was trying to figure out some way to cheer Grace up. So I thot of this idear &amp; then I set down &amp; tride to write a letter to them peopl asking them to come &amp; it took me so long to write the 1st 1 that I seen I wouldent never have time for nothing else if I wrote 2 of them so I ast the tipewriter in the chiefs office would she write a couple of letters for me. I &amp; her frammed them up together. In the letters I says my wife would like to have them come over to dinner <abbr>Sun.</abbr> noon &amp; it wasent going to be no big party so they could ware what ever they had &amp; not feel a shamed &amp; we wouldent dress up much our self so they wouldent need to. The tipewriter dident only half to write the letter onct because she put a peace of this here copy paper in <abbr>bet.</abbr> the regular paper &amp; wrote both the letters at onct only changed the names at the top.</p>
				<p>I cant hardly wait untill <abbr>Sun.</abbr> and see how supprised &amp; tickeled Grace will be.</p>
				<p><abbr>Rgds.</abbr> to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Sep.</abbr> 18.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley Im the 1 that got the supprise and not Grace. And besides a supprise I got a bad scare to because Grace carryed on so that I thot she was going to be took down sick. What do you think of them bums Charley I mean the Hamiltons &amp; Carpenters. When they dident pay no tension or send me no anser to the letter I wrote them I thot sure they must be comeing because if they wasent comeing they would say so. Thats what I thot. But a long come <abbr>Sun.</abbr> noon &amp; no sine of them &amp; Grace got fichety &amp; says what do you supose is the matter with the Walters that they dont come &amp; I stalled her off and says may be they would come on the train that gets here at 1 a clock &amp; she says my dinner will all be spoiled &amp; finely after the 1 a clock train come &amp; no body showed up I had to tell her the truth. Grace scolded me like Id stole some money or some thing &amp; when I says I would run over to there house &amp; see what was the matter she says if I moved a step out side the house she would take the 2 childern &amp; run a way &amp; then she had histeriks &amp; all the rest of it &amp; she says even if them peopl had of came she would of slamed the door in there face &amp; I dont know yet what she was sore a bout tho of corse I was a little sore myself on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of them peopl not leting me know or nothing. But Grace wasent sore at them but she was sore at me and if you can tell what license she had your a wonder.</p>
				<p>I thot for a minut they may be might not of got my letters &amp; then I remembered that I dident male the letters but stuck them under there doors when I come home night before last so they couldent help from getting them.</p>
				<p>Finely I couldent stand it no longer &amp; beat it out of the house &amp; took a long walk. She was better when I come back &amp; says she was sorry shed carryed on so &amp; she supposed I thot I was trying to do the right thing but Id made a awful mes out of it &amp; I says could I help it if them peopl dident have no manners &amp; she says no it wasent my falt but after this she wisht I would leave her to do the inviteing to the house. She dident half to wish that Charley because Ive had more then enough for my share.</p>
				<p>The Carrys is comeing over tonight to play cinch &amp; may be we can get rid of some of our big <abbr>Sun.</abbr> dinner thats still left yet because they dident nether 1 of us have the heart to eat it.</p>
				<p>Regards to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature"><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Oct.</abbr> 3.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Dear Charley</b>. Well Charley it looks like we wasent dead ones after all. A little boy come to the house after supper tonight &amp; give me a letter only it wasent no letter but a invatation to a dance here in Allison the 17 of this <abbr>mo.</abbr> &amp; the dance is being gave for the benifit of the Bellgiums that got killed in the war. This here invatation was addressed to the Hamiltons but if we get theres they got ourn so whats the diffrunts &amp; besides you can bet I aint going over to there house to say any thing a bout it &amp; if they dont want ourn they can come over here and get there own.</p>
				<p>The dance is going to be down to the opra house where they give there shows when they have them. Well I guess you know how I all ways been a bout danceing Charley &amp; never cared nothing a bout it &amp; I was going to tell Grace of corse we wouldent go but when I give her the invatation &amp; seen how good she felt about it I dident have the heart to say nothing a bout not going. I throwed the out side cover a way before I give Grace the invatation and she says are you sure its for us &amp; I says dident the boy bring it to us &amp; besides wont our money do them Bellgiums as much good as any body elses. Tho where the Bellgiums needs help any more than I need it I cant figure out. I dident tell Grace nothing a bout the invatation being addressed to the Hamiltons for fear shed want I should go over &amp; change with them.</p>
				<p>Well I says do you want me to go and she says certunly but you cant dance &amp; I says well I can go there and set around &amp; talk wile you dance and she says o no she wouldent do that way &amp; if I wouldent dance she wouldent go so I says all right I will brush up &amp; practice a little &amp; may be I can get a way with it &amp; she says you cant do nothing of the kind because the dances there dancing now isent nothing like what you use to dance the walts &amp; the 2 step and them things. They aint danceing them things no more because now there all danceing the 1 step walk &amp; the foxs trot and we will half to take some lessons the both of us.</p>
				<p>I says I suppose we got a hole lot of money to throw a way on takeing danceing lessons &amp; then she beggin to cry so I says all right you fix it up with some teacher &amp; we will take a few lessons just enough so as to get a way with it. So you see what Im up against now Charley &amp; I got to take danceing lessons &amp; then go up there &amp; mix a round with them swell dames &amp; get stepped on but Grace will have the time of her life &amp; I aint got the heart to say no. The dance ticket that come along with the invatation costs $2.00 dollars &amp; probly the lessons will cost that much more or may be more than that so Im lucky if I get a way with less than a 5 spot.</p>
				<p>I supose youve lerned the new dances all ready Charley &amp; I wisht you was here to take my place.</p>
				<p>Regards to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature"><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Oct.</abbr> 8.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Dident I say some thing a bout a 5 spot that this here dance busness was going to cost me last time I wrote you a letter. Well Charley its going to make a 5 spot look like 30 cents before its over &amp; I wisht Id says no in the 1st place &amp; left Grace bellow if she wanted to. Weve tooken 1 danceing lesson all ready &amp; it costed $2.00 dollars &amp; we got to take an other at the same price because we aint lerned enough yet &amp; I got to buy some pattent leather shoes &amp; a shirt &amp; so 4th because Grace says they wont be no body go up there with out being drest up in a dress sute of evning close &amp; she laughed at me when I says I was going to ware the uneform I use to ware before I was put in plane close but I bet if I wore that uneform I wouldent be the worst looking 1 in the hall if I do say it but Grace says nothing but a evning dress sute will do so I got to rent 1 of them besides buying the junk that gos with it &amp; the rent of the sute a lone will cost me $3.00.</p>
				<p>Well Grace was wondring what would she do a bout the childern wile we was to the dance &amp; I says she should ask <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry to take care of them &amp; she says the Carrys is probly going to so shes going to ask <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry is she going &amp; if she is that will mean we will half to higher a girl some wheres to come &amp; stay with the childern wile we go to the dance.</p>
				<p>Regards to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Fred</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Oct.</abbr> 11.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley we had some more trouble since the last time I wrote you a letter only I dont know if its trouble or not but Grace feels pretty bad a bout it tho I says she shouldent ought to worry because the Carrys wasent no good any way. Grace was figureing on haveing <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry come over &amp; stay with the childern wile we was to the big dance next <abbr>wk.</abbr> if <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry wasent going to the dance her self so when the Carrys come to play cards the other night Grace ast them was they going to the dance &amp; they says no what dance &amp; Grace told them &amp; ast <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry would she come over &amp; take care of the childern or that is she &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Carry would just half to set in the house because the childern would be a sleep only of corse it wouldent be right to go off &amp; leave them a lone &amp; the Carrys could just set here &amp; play cards or do any thing they had a mind to. Well <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry ast who was giveing the dance &amp; Grace says the invatation was sined by <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">Wm.</abbr> Marston &amp; he was the man that the money was to be sent to only Im going to take my money a long to the dance &amp; give it to him at the door. Well <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry says why <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Marston is the real socitey leader &amp; Grace says well what of it &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry says it must of been a miss take you geting a invatation &amp; then I buted in &amp; says what do you mean a miss take I guess wear as good as any body &amp; better than some &amp; why shouldent we get a invatation &amp; then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry blowed up &amp; says I supose you think your better than I &amp; my husband &amp; I says no I dont think no such thing &amp; she says well you get a invatation to the dance &amp; we dident so if you go that will show you think your better than us.</p>
				<p>I says it wont show no such a thing because you not geting no invatation was probly a miss take &amp; she says no it wasent no miss take but geting 1 was the miss take &amp; then Grace flew up &amp; says your sore because wear going to the dance and your not ast &amp; then Carry &amp; his wife &amp; Grace &amp; I all lost our temper &amp; we had it hot &amp; heavy &amp; I guess you know Charley that we dident get none the worst of it. So finely I told them to go home and they says you dont half to tell us to go home &amp; whats more you wont see no more of us &amp; I says I lived 45 <abbr>yrs.</abbr> &amp; got pretty fat before I ever seen you &amp; thats a bout all that was said &amp; they beat it and wear threw with them. If <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry had of been decent we might of fixed it up for them to get ast to the next big dance only she was so sore about us geting a head of them that she couldent keep her mouth shut.</p>
				<p>I guess you can see that <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry aint going to take care of the childern wile wear to the dance &amp; even if she would we wouldent let her because its 10 to 1 she would stick a knife in them or give them cloraform or some thing. And Grace will half to higher a girl from here in town to come &amp; set in the house wile wear to the dance.</p>
				<p>Kindest regards to your self &amp; Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Oct.</abbr> 18.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Dear Charley</b>. Well Charley I guess its pretty lucky I dident murder some body last night &amp; it may be a good thing I wasent carrying my gat with me last night on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of it looking funny &amp; sticking out threw the coat in my evning dress sute. I bet I would of shot some body sure &amp; they would of had a detective up for murder for a change insted of for takeing money from stick up guys &amp; dips. I might as well tell you what come off tho they aint no part of it Im proud of accept keeping my self from murdring some body. Grace is sick a bed over what come off &amp; I cant talk to her a bout it &amp; theys no use talking to the kids because they dont under stand &amp; I got to tell it to some body so I guess your elected.</p>
				<p>Well Charley we was figureing on getting up to the dance a bout 8 a clock but the sute I rented was to small for me &amp; Grace had to make the pants of it biger a round the waste &amp; then she had trouble her self geting her new close on &amp; her hare all fixed up &amp; evry thing &amp; it was pretty close to 9 a clock before we got down to the opra house where they have the dances at. Well we went in &amp; a servunt told us where to put our hat &amp; then we went up stares to where the danceing is pulled off &amp; they was a man seting at a table out side the door &amp; he looked at us &amp; dident say nothing so I went up to him &amp; says who I was &amp; he says aint you made a miss take. I says I dont know if I have or not &amp; he says if we want police protection a round here we will ask for it. I says I aint here to work but Im here to dance &amp; he says this here is a invatation dance &amp; I says yes &amp; I got a invatation &amp; he says lets see it so I halled the ticket out of my pocket &amp; showed it to him &amp; he says it must of been some miss take &amp; I says why &amp; he says because I sent out the invatations my self I and a lady did &amp; we dident send none to you. I says well I got 1 dident I &amp; he says yes but I dont know how you got it. I says well I dident steal it &amp; he says no I dont say you did but I know you wasent suposed to get no invatation because you wasent on our lists. I says well wear here any way &amp; he says yes but if I was you I would go a long home before any body else got here because its a miss take &amp; we will say no more a bout it.</p>
				<p>Well I seen that Grace was ready to cry on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of disapointmunt so I made up my mind Id go threw with it so I says are you the only 1 thats got any thing to say a round here &amp; he says no but Im 1 of them &amp; I says well you get the rest of the officers to gather &amp; see what they got to say a bout it &amp; he says theys no body here yet but if you want to wait untill the rest of the comitty comes all right I got no objection only Im just teling you for your own good that your makeing a miss take &amp; the best thing that you can do is to go home.</p>
				<p>Then Grace says come lets go home &amp; I says I wouldent untill Id talked with the rest of the comitty &amp; there we stood &amp; stood and the guy dident even say we should set down so finely I told Grace to set down &amp; she wouldent set down but all she could say was lets go home. Finely the peopl beggin comeing &amp; they all starred at us tho I bet we dident look no worse then they did &amp; the Hamiltons come &amp; the Carpenters &amp; Grace whispered to me who they was &amp; they dident even speak to us &amp; finely the music beggin &amp; they all started danceing in the room in side where we couldent see them &amp; finely I went up to the man at the table &amp; he says are you still here &amp; I says you bet I am &amp; Im in a hurry to see your comitty &amp; he says all right youll see them quick enough as soon is the 1st dance is over &amp; he got up &amp; went in the room where they was danceing &amp; pretty soon the music stoped &amp; he come out with 2 ladies &amp; 3 gents with him &amp; 1 of the gents was Carpenter.</p>
				<p>Well the man says heres a gent that says he got a invatation to the dance &amp; I says yes &amp; you seen my invatation allready. He says Yes Ill admit you had a invatation but wear going to leave it to this here comitty weather it was a miss take or not &amp; then they wisperd to gather for a minut &amp; then the man says its just like I told you your here threw some miss take &amp; the best thing you can do is go home. So then I says your a fine bunch of stiffs &amp; I looked right at this here Carpenter. I says your a swell gang of stews &amp; before I get threw with you youll all be wareing the bracelits &amp; I was going to tell them some more but just then this here Hamilton come out of the room where the danceing was at &amp; says are we pinched &amp; I says no but your libel to be &amp; he says whats the excitement &amp; Carpenter told him a bout me haveing the invatation &amp; then it come out that Hamilton dident get no invatation &amp; the boy that left it to our house made a miss take &amp; we dident have none comeing &amp; if it hadent of been for Grace bellowing &amp; makeing a seen I would of soiled some of there collers but they was nothing for me to do but get her out of there but as I say if Id of had the old gat a long with me I bet Id of cut loose before I left there.</p>
				<p>Well I pretty near had to carry Grace all the way home &amp; put her to bed &amp; douse camfer all over her face &amp; I finely got her to sleep &amp; sent the girl home that was there to take care of the childern but I couldent go to sleep my self &amp; I aint slept yet &amp; I called up the chief this <abbr>a.m.</abbr> &amp; told him the wife was sick &amp; I couldent come down &amp; here it is pretty near noon &amp; I aint even herd nothing a bout breakfast yet tho the childerns had theres because Grace remembered to give them theres but I guess she thinks Im saveing up my appetite for the refreshmunts at the next dance.</p>
				<p>A fine bunch of stiffs eh Charley.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature"><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Oct.</abbr> 22.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Dear Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley it looks like we would move back to the <abbr epub:type="se:compass">s.</abbr> side if we could sell the place on <abbr>acct.</abbr> of Grace says she cant never spend a happy minut again out here &amp; I aint so stuck on it my self. But we wont sell it for less then $1,000.00 more then it costed all to gether because somebodys got to pay for whats come off &amp; for them danceing lessons &amp; Graces dresses &amp; that dress sute I rent it &amp; the shirt &amp; shoes &amp; all the rest of it. Grace spoke a bout moveing last night &amp; I couldent argue against her a bout nothing the way shes feeling these days. I promussed I would see could I sell the place &amp; of corse if I could sell it for cash I could pay off what I owe at the bank or if I couldent sell it for cash the peopl that bought it off of me could asume the morgidge.</p>
				<p>I will write &amp; let you know how I come out. This was Graces berth day &amp; just as if she wasent feeling bad enough with out what come off she got a letter in her old man’s hand writeing &amp; she begin to smile when she seen it &amp; says pa dont never for get my berth day &amp; shed for got her self for a minit &amp; thot she was going to find 1 of them $100.00 checks like he all ways sends her on her berth day but when she opened the letter insted of a check it was a reciet for $100.00 of the money we all ready borryed off of him. Well that pretty near finnished her tho of corse you cant blame the old man tho it would of been better if he hadent wrote at all but just let it go.</p>
				<p>I wisht I could of gave her some thing nice to make up for it but I guess you know I aint got no money to throw a way eh Charley.</p>
				<p>Regards to Mary.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature"><abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">F. A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
				</footer>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<header role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="se:letter.dateline">Allison, <abbr epub:type="z3998:place">Ill.</abbr>, <abbr>Nov.</abbr> 1.</p>
				</header>
				<p><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Brother Charley</b>. Well Charley we aint going to move back to the <abbr epub:type="se:compass">s.</abbr> side or no wheres else but wear going to stay here. I seen the real estate man today that sold us the place &amp; ast him what could we get for it house &amp; all &amp; he named a price that wasent even what I got sunk in the place &amp; I says youll half to come a bout a $1,000.00 higher then that &amp; he says you aint got a chance in the world to get what you want so why dont you stay where your at. You wont find no better town no wheres.</p>
				<p>So I told Grace I guessed wed half to stay &amp; she says well all right &amp; I ast her what come over her all of a sudden &amp; she says she had called up <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry &amp; told her all about the dance &amp; <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr> Carry talked pretty nice a bout it and the Carrys is comeing over tonight to play cinch. &amp; the Walters was out here to supper night before last &amp; says they wisht they had a home like ourn in the subburbs insted of liveing in a dirty flat so you see Charley we aint so bad off after all &amp; liveing out heres the best thing that could happen to the childern.</p>
				<p>So I guess they aint no danger of us moveing for a wile.</p>
				<p>The door bell just rung so the Carrys is here &amp; I got to close.</p>
				<p>Best <abbr>rgds.</abbr> to Mary from both of us.</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p><b epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Fred <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">A.</abbr> Gross</b>.</p>
					<div epub:type="z3998:postscript">
						<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">P.S.</abbr> I tore this letter open again after I had it pasted up all ready. That wasent the Carrys that rung the door bell but a man &amp; his wife name Curtis thats in the wood &amp; coal busness out here &amp; as nice peopl is youd want to meet. Theyd came to call on us &amp; the Carrys come after words &amp; we played rummy 6 hand it &amp; they dident go home untill a bout 10 <abbr>min.</abbr> a go and its pretty near 1 a clock but we wasent playing cards all the wile but part of the time we was eating refreshmunts. Grace cooked up a welch rabbit &amp; we had some beer to go with it &amp; I guess this here Curtis dont like his beer. Wear going over to the Curtisis <abbr>Mon.</abbr> night &amp; they got 1 of these here phonagrafs to dance by so I guess all that money wasent waisted eh Charley.</p>
						<p>Regards to Mary.</p>
					</div>
				</footer>
			</div>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
